Added reference to terms_set query in regular terms query documentation (#91204)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-dsl/terms-query.asciidoc

Returns documents that contain one or more *exact* terms in a provided field.

The `terms` query is the same as the <<query-dsl-term-query, `term` query>>,

> except you can search for a match in multiple values. If you need more
> than one matching term at once, you may find <<query-dsl-terms-set-query, `terms_set` query>> useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
except you can search for multiple values. A document will match if it contains
at least one of the terms. To search for documents that contain more than one
matching term, use the <<query-dsl-terms-set-query, `terms_set` query>>.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this contribution @etki ! I've a left a suggestion that I think makes the difference between the two queries a bit more clear. Let me know what you think.
